B2B marketing is going through a massive
shift and the companies that don't keep
up will be crushed by the ones that do.
My name is Sam Dunning and I've helped
dozens of B2B tech, SAS, and service
companies scale with SEO and other B2B
marketing channels. I've also
interviewed over 400 B2B marketing
leaders and founders on my podcast,
Breaking B2B, to know exactly what's
driving growth at some of the fastest
B2B companies. Now, I'm going to share
the exact strategies and frameworks you
need to know to drive growth at your
company with B2B marketing this year.
Let's dive in. First up, we've got the
absolute foundation of any B2B marketing
strategy. We've got B2B customer
research. And even though it's the
foundation, even though it's the
backbone, so many SAS, tech, and service
companies completely neglect it and
wonder why their marketing falls flat.
Well, why do you need it? Well, first
and foremost, it's going to help you
work out your ICP, your ideal client
profile. It's going to help you work out
their most frustrating, expensive, and
bleeding neck pain points and problems.
It's going to help you know the impact
if they don't fix those issues. It's
going to help you know their goals,
their jobs to be done, and their
motivations. Also, why they choose you,
so your differentiation, what do you do
that other companies don't, so you can
stand out in a crowded marketplace.
Plus, it's going to help you nail down
the types of clients that have those
pain points, understand the impact and
not fixing it, and are motivated to
solve them. Plus, the ones that have
cash to easily invest in your offer, so
your marketing, your resources, your
ads, and more can be best placed in
front of those dream clients that want
to get the job you help get done. And
before you think, "Oh, wait, Sam. we
interviewed some customers last year or
we did a survey a few months back.
Chances are you didn't get insights as
detailed as this. You didn't follow a
thorough process and you're not doing it
as a regular feedback loop which we're
going to go into. So, what should you be
asking customers and who should you be
interviewing? What's the process? What's
the questions? I'm going to share 10
questions I recommend as a starting
point. You can tweak these to suit your
ideal client profile and your product
and your offer as you see fit. So, first
and foremost, we want to interview 7 to
10, ideally recently won customers. Why
7 to 10? Well, we found that's a sweet
spot of when we start seeing patterns in
the answers and responses that we get
given. Why recently won customers? Well,
they're not biased. If we interview
long-term existing clients, they're
going to love us. They're not going to
say anything that offends us to give us
the real juicy feedback, improvements,
ideas, problems, etc. We actually want
to improve our messaging, our marketing,
and beyond. If you don't have seven to
10 recently won customers, get who you
can. Then maybe go after some target
prospects that fit your ideal client
profile or maybe go after some
longerterm clients if you have to or
possibly some recently churned
customers, some recently lost customers
cuz they'll be probably not hesitant to
give you direct feedback as well. So
once you've got that list of customers
that are open to being interviewed, you
might have to offer them a quick
incentive, whether that's perhaps a
small discount or an extra feature to
their usual offer or maybe you offer
them a meal voucher, whatever makes
sense for your offering. Set up the
session time, do it on Zoom or Riverside
or similar. Record the session with a
tool like Fathom or Otter so you can
easily get a transcription of the call.
And then 10 of the questions I typically
like to ask when I run my customer
interviews are first off, what were the
exact problems you were facing when you
came to us to help? Number two, what was
the job that you were trying to get
done? As an example, maybe you were
struggling internally with spreadsheets
or trying to let's say pretend you
provide a CRM solution. Maybe you were
struggling with spreadsheets and
spending 10 hours a week trying to put
all this data together. It's getting
really frustrating. It was actually
annoying some of your staff and then you
realize there must be a new better way.
Number three, why did you choose us over
the competitors that you're evaluating?
I'm sure you're evaluating two, three,
four vendors. What was that point where
you decided that we were the right
choice for you? Number four, what almost
made you not decide to work with us? Be
blunt as possible. What was perhaps the
the thing that maybe almost put you off
or maybe some hesitations you had around
working with us? Be as transparent as
you can. It really helps. Number five,
what was the impact if you didn't fix
that problem? So, going back to the
spreadsheets example, like what was the
what would have been the repercussions
if you didn't get that job done? Maybe
you lost time, maybe you annoyed staff,
maybe you churned staff, maybe you lost
cash, whatever it was. Number six, what
was that tipping point? What was that
point that you finally reached that most
frustrating moment that finally made you
say, "I need to get I need to get this
done. I need to evaluate some vendors. I
need to go to Google or I need to search
for this and and I need to finally get
this new system in place. Number seven,
what was the the main outcome you were
hoping for? What was the the end kind of
objective, the end motivator, the end
thing you wanted to have happen? And how
did we bring that to life for you? And
the other thing is with this se number
seven question, it can also give you
insight for a testimonial or review
video if you're getting insights from a
recently won customer. Number eight,
what were the other vendors you were
evaluating? The other companies that you
were checking out. partner. This is
going to help with your general market
research so you know who you're up
against. Also, if you're doing
competitor pages from an SEO standpoint
is super useful. Number nine, I love
this one. What do you hate most about
our industry? What really frustrates you
and grinds your gears about our
industry? Be as blunt as possible. Is it
they usually have pushy salespeople? Is
it their messaging normally sucks? Or is
it the websites maybe hide pricing?
Like, be as transparent as possible so
we know exactly what we need to fix.
Last off, number 10. Where do you go to
get your trusted information from? Where
exactly do you think is trustworthy?
What channels do you hang out on? What
platforms, etc. This is going to inform
things like if they listen to podcasts
or if they go to Google search or if
they use AI search or if they read
publications or articles or if they have
Slack groups or communities so you know
where best place to spend your marketing
time. That's 10 of my best. Like I say,
tweak them for your industry, your
sector or your niche. So once you've ran
all your customer interviews and you've
used a recording tool and then you've
transcribed them, what you want to do is
look for patterns in the responses. So
now you can understand what the most
common responses are to things like your
customers most expensive problems, the
impact of those problems, their goals,
their jobs to be done, their motivators,
what annoys them most about their
industry, where they're starting at,
where they're trying to get to, why they
chose you opposed to other vendors and
the other vendors they're typically
evaluating, and much more. Look for
those common responses. Look for the
patterns. Make a note of those. Perhaps
use a Google sheet or a Google doc so
you can note down the most commonly said
responses to each of the core questions.
Note down the language they use, the
actual words that they describe, their
frustrations, their pain points, and
their goals. So you can really hit home
with your dream clients, and you can
really understand your ICP, where
they're at, their struggling moments,
and where they're trying to get to. And
now you can fuel everything from your
messaging on your website to your ads to
your content marketing. Whether you're
producing podcasts or videos, so you can
really speak to pain points, goals, and
motivators of your dream clients. This
can fuel everything from inbound
marketing to demand generation to videos
to cold outreach. So you're actually
hitting home with your prospects. You're
really targeting those specific things
that they care about rather than just
general guesswork marketing where you
talk about how great your company is,
awards you've won, or funding rounds, or
how many years you've been in business.
Ditch all that nonsense. Focus exactly
on what your customers care about, which
is usually reducing risk, solving
frustrating and expensive issues, or
getting a really hefty goal or important
milestone achieved. Doing the ground
work of customer research alone is going
to differentiate and set you apart from
many competitors that just won't take
the time or effort to do this. So now
you're going to know exactly where your
dream clients are spending time, where
they're getting their trusted
information from, and what they really
care about. So, your messaging, your
ads, your content marketing, your
videos, whatever kind of inbound demand
generation or outreach you're going to
doing is not only going to hit home, but
you're going to know the platforms or
the channels you're going to need to
double down on that your dream clients,
your ICP spend time on so you can make
best use of your internal resource or
your marketing or ad budget. And make
customer research a regular feedback
loop. It shouldn't be a oneanddone. The
more insights that you can pull from
dream clients, the better. So whether
you can do that as part of your
onboarding flow, whether you can do that
on customer success and support calls
and regular account management calls and
pulling in customers for interviews
every few months. So it's a regular
cadence. You're constantly getting
insights from the market, not going on
guesswork, but really going about what
your dream clients care about. So
ultimately, you can get more return on
any marketing that you put out there in
the B2B world. Next up, let's talk about
the
955 rule. So some research from the B2B
Institute at LinkedIn, it talks about
that any one given time only 5% of our
total addressable market will be in
buying mode actually actively looking
for our offer solution and being in a
position ready to buy. This shows us
that a huge chunk of our ICP, our ideal
client profile are not in market and not
in buying mode at all. So 95% a huge
chunk not ready to deal with us or buy
or review options. So what we should we
do? Well, we should have a system with
our B2B marketing that tracks, collects,
and captures that demand. So, the 5%
that are in market actively looking for
offer, we need a system to capture those
and drive qualified leads, pools, demos
to our sales team. And vice versa, for
those 95% that are not ready, perhaps
not even thinking about our offer, we
need a way to build mind share, build
trust with that market. So if they do
have the problem we solve or they do
need the end outcome or they are trying
to they are struggling with the job we
help get done, we want to stay top of
mind, we want to educate, want to
entertain them. So if they ever do need
our offer, if they fit our ideal client
profile, we are the first brand of
choice, the only choice that they decide
to partner with when they're ready. So
I'll dive into how you can achieve that
and how you can stay top of mind, how
you can win the mind share game and also
collect active demand in a second when
we talk about content marketing. Next
up, I want to quickly talk about a
strategy I absolutely love on how you
can start chipping away at market share,
especially if you've got giant
competitors in your industry, in your
sector. So, this is all about taking
those insights from your customer
research, but also looking into any CRM
data you've got about clients and the
industries they fall in. to the clients
you've historically sold well into that
have those problems you solve that are
motivated to solve them also have the
cash to easily invest in the offer and
are motivated to get the job done. So if
you can look at those industries you've
sold well into but also look at the
industries your giant competitors are
underserving. So if there's any sectors
any niches or similar that those giant
competitors are just not serving as well
as you believe could be served. So you
can start focusing and doubling down on
those with your messaging, with your
outreach, with your inbound marketing,
with your ads, with your demand gen, and
really look to dominate and exhaust that
underserved niche. By the way, if you're
looking to leverage SEO to rank higher
in organic search on Google and AI, but
perhaps lack the resources internally to
make it a success, why not book a call
with us at
breakingb2.com to see if we can start
driving sustainable pipeline for your
business with SEO or hit the link in the
description below. Back to the video.
So, let's talk about some B2B marketing
fundamental organic inbound channels.
So, we talked earlier about the 955
rule. the fact that any one given time
only 5% of your total addressable market
will be in ready to buy mode. One of my
favorite ways to actually collect that
demand and get prospects that are
actively in market searching for your
offer, your solution, your service,
maybe comparing options or looking for
the problem you solve from Google search
is SEO. So why consider SEO? Well, ad
costs are constantly rising across
different platforms and channels. SEO,
the good thing about it is you're not
paying for each and every click. What
you're building is an asset. Each page,
article, or whatever you publish on your
website, you're building out owned
assets throughout your site. You're
increasing trust. So, a lot of folks
place more importance in the organic
search results as opposed to sponsored
results on Google. And it's evergreen.
So, just think about when you do a
search on YouTube for a how-to or an
example video or some tips and tricks.
You might see videos that are a few
months old, but you might see videos
that are years and years old. in SEO is
just the same. Your landing pages, your
product pages, your articles and similar
can rank not just in the short term, so
the next few weeks or months. They can
rank for years to come, driving traffic
and most importantly driving organic
inbound leads, demos, signups or calls
for your business around the clock. But
sadly, when it comes to SEO, a lot of
B2B tech service and SAS companies fall
into what I call the traffic trap.
meaning they target topfunnel
moreformationalbased queries things like
what is a KPI how to build a website or
what is a CRM which are very unlikely to
result in inbound calls demos or leads
in fact it's pro probably for prospects
really really early in that research
journey and a lot of
thoseformationalbased queries and
topfunnel terms are being wiped out by
AI overviews that was recently added to
Google so instead we want to focus on
time to value we want to drive leads or
calls or demos or signups as quick as
humanly possible possible for our B2B
company. So we should focus on
commercial intent, high sales intent
keywords and topics aka money keywords
that are going to drive inbounds as
quick as possible. So from a tangible
example, if we provided calendar
scheduling software, that might be
looking at terms like best calendar
scheduling tools or software or
platforms or looking at competitor
alternatives. We as we know prospects
usually evaluate three or four vendors
before making a decision. And so they
might be looking for things like
Calendarly alternatives or Calendarly
pricing or Calendarly reviews where we
could then pitch our product as an
alternative with how we stand out. Our
differentiator is based on customer
research or also they might be searching
for jobs to be done or problem based
keywords like how to schedule meetings
with prospects without back and forth or
how to avoid being ghosted when booking
sales calls or things like that. Those
pain points that are often brought up in
sales schools. Again, leveraging that
customer research for those golden
nuggets and targeting those topics that
we know high intent prospects are going
to search for when they need the offer.
And then we can position our product,
our tool, our software, our service as
that painkiller with plenty of social
proof and examples. And what you find is
these commercial intent, these money
keywords that have much higher buying
intent behind them typically have lower
traffic and monthly search volumes, but
they're much more likely to result in
pipeline leads and revenue. And I have
made a bunch of videos recently
dedicated to winning at B2B SEO on the
Breaking B2B podcast and YouTube. So
feel free to check those out. But the
crux of it is once you've worked out the
money keywords you want to rank for,
have a look on Google what type of pages
are ranking, are they articles, are they
landing pages, comparison pages,
listical or something else, review those
and work out how you can completely blow
them out of the water. Make your page
better in every single angle in terms of
the expertise, the authority, the trust
signals you send, the examples of social
proof, reviews, case studies, and more.
Leverage those customer insights. If
we've got an FAQ section, let's handle
real objections. Let's share our points
of differentation. Let's make this page
better than what's ever whatever's
ranking right now every single way
possible. And then if it's a competitive
keyword, let's look look to earn back
links from trusted niche relevant sites
by leveraging partners by leveraging PR,
maybe guesting on podcasts or similar.
So we can start sending trust signals to
Google, boosting our authority, getting
more lines in the water for more topics
and pages and starting to drive a
sustainable flow of pipeline through
organic search and SEO. So, some other
organic channels, especially to get in
front of that 95% of dream clients that
are not in market looking for your offer
or needing your offer right now. But if
we can position ourselves as an
authority, as a trusted brand in the
space, as the solution to any problems
they might have, when they're ready,
they'll most likely reach out to us. So,
firstly, my favorite is probably YouTube
and podcast. So in our example, we run
the breaking B2B podcast where we put
out weekly episodes around B2B SEO, SAS
marketing, and we even interview B2B
marketers and SAS marketing leaders to
share what's working for them to drive
growth today. So we're looked as a
trusted resource by B2B marketers,
founders, and SAS marketers. But what
could you do in your niche? How could
you create a show or a YouTube series or
similar so that your dream clients would
tune into it? Now, it could be in the
accounting space. Maybe you give
dedicated tips to a certain type of
accountant. Maybe you run weekly
interviews or monthly interviews with
folks that you're looking to break into
the account of. I.e. maybe the whoever
runs their perhaps it could be their
financial directors within some of your
target industries and you look to
interview them with an enjoyable
practical educational episode or maybe
you do solo episodes a bit like I'm
doing now where you give specific
strategic tips or how-tos or examples on
the topic. And another route you can go
down with podcasting is if perhaps you
don't want to run your own show, you can
find out the shows that already have
your dream clients tuning in, there's a
great tool called listen notes where you
can go on to the listen notes website.
You can type in your target industries
and you can look at the top rated
podcasts within your niche and then
reach out to those hosts to actually
guest on their shows. Great way to build
up your own PR to get in front of an
audience that's actually captivated that
fit your idol client profile and it
actually can drive some inbound leads,
too. Another one of my favorites is
LinkedIn, especially building a founder
brand. So, LinkedIn, as you probably
know, is the biggest social media when
it comes to B2B. So much opportunity
here just because the chances are if you
are in the B2B space, your prospects
could well be hanging out there or
spending some time on there. So, if you
can position yourself as a thought or
industry leader, as someone who's super
trustworthy within your niche, within
your sector, it's a way to drive inbound
leads, create partnerships, create
opportunities, hire staff, and much,
much more. How do you do it? Well, I use
quite a simple process when I'm building
up my own brand on LinkedIn. So, in our
case of breaking B2B, we want to be
known by B2B marketers, B2B founders,
SAS marketers, SAS founders as the only
choice when it comes to SEO for revenue,
not vanity. So each and every day I'll
create one or two posts sharing
actionable tips around SEO or
conversations I'm having or examples or
case studies or weird experiments or
videos or memes or skits or man on the
street videos. All different ways to
stand out, give advice, entertain folks,
stop people scrolling in the feed, do
stuff that's a bit unusual. So as and
when they are maybe struggling with SEO
or maybe annoyed with their current
vendor, we stand out as the company of
choice. So you can do much the same
whether that's your founder or yourself
as an exact within your company. Look
for ways you can do similar in terms of
the content that you push out. You can
also engage with other folks in the
feed. So another great way to get folks
looking at your own profile is to
comment on could be potential prospects.
It could be folks that are in a similar
industry to yourself so you can get more
eyeballs on your own content. And the
other thing to consider is to actually
treat your profile page as a landing
page. So you've got the banner area.
You've got your profile picture. You've
got an about section and you've got some
references. So rather than treating it,
but folks used to treat it as a online
CV, treat it as a landing page. So it
clearly shares exactly what you do,
problem you solve, and how you help. You
can now, if you're on LinkedIn premium,
you can have a call to action, visit my
website link within there. In the about
section, you can talk to those top two
or three specific problem or pain points
that you solve that you can gather from
your customer research we talked about
earlier. And then maybe have a CTA
section. And LinkedIn's also got a nice
featured section. So you can direct
folks to your newsletter, maybe your
podcast, or directly to your website.
And the only other thing that I like to
do a lot of is LinkedIn allows you to
connect, I believe on sales navigator,
you can if you've got sales navigator
added, you can connect to around 200
prospects each and every week. I think
it's great to exhaust that each and
every week. Make a list in sales sales
nav of those dream clients that you're
going after and shoot them a connection
request so you can grow that network and
get your content in front of more and
more folks. Therefore, you can build
your trust with more of the market. You
can get in front of more of the market
with your content and you can drive more
inbound leads and opportunities over
time through the power of LinkedIn. Next
up, let's talk about paid media. So, if
you want to capture the 5% of your
market that is in buying mode looking
for your solution right now, then Google
paid ads can be a great way to do that.
So instead of SEO, you're paying for
each and every click. But it's often a
quicker way to get those sponsored ads
in front of those prospects that are
directly looking for your offer or
comparing alternatives or looking for
solutions that solve their problem
specifically. So Google Ads is a great
way to get in front of that 5% then
direct them to tailored landing pages.
Or if you want to stay in front, if you
want to stay top of mind, if you want to
build trust with the 95% who are not in
market but fit your idol client profile,
then you could consider ads like
LinkedIn ads. So right now we're
starting to run thought leadership ads
at breaking B2B. So I can get my top
performing LinkedIn organic content, but
serve that to cold audiences that fit
our ICP, but perhaps not in market, but
will start seeing my content. So in our
case, tips around SEO, SAS marketing,
and similar. So we can start getting
them into our ecosystem. Maybe they'll
check out the podcast or check out the
newsletter and over time some of those
will become customers when they're ready
to buy. So you can do exactly the same
for your niche, the industries, and the
ICP you focus on. Plus, with LinkedIn
ads, you can retarget website visitors.
So maybe folks that you've driven
through SEO or paid ads or similar, you
can retarget them to stay top of mind as
and when they're ready to get in touch.
Next up, let's talk about the foundation
of your marketing efforts. Where all of
your traffic from your ads, from your
organic marketing strategies, and beyond
are going to be sent to most likely is
your website. Now, your website is
working 24/7. And it can even be your
very best or your very worst salesperson
depending on how you treat it. It can
either be constantly attracting,
building trust with, and converting
dream prospects into leads, demos,
signups, or sales calls. or can be doing
the opposite, repelling them, annoying
them, and sending them away. Over the
years, we've launched over 310 different
sites for B2B businesses. We've learned
the hard way on what does and what
doesn't work. Some common mistakes B2B
companies make time and again is,
especially on the homepage, talking
about things like how great they are,
awards won, funding rounds raised, and
similar. When if you did just a little
bit of customer research, you'd probably
realize that most of us are pretty
selfish. We care about what's in it for
us as opposed to how great you are. So,
flip that to your dream client's world,
especially on things like your homepage
hero top banner area. How can we
specifically show exactly what we do,
how it helps our dream client, and why
they should choose us and then guide
them to relevant call to action, whether
that's check out our work or book a demo
or view our results or grab a free sign
up. Everything on your website should
really be using that customer research
as the foundation. So whether that's
homepage initial messaging, whether
that's value propositions, whether
that's some of the key content they care
about seeing, so we can leverage those
insights that we've learned to make sure
our website resonates with those target
prospects. Now, when it comes to sites,
some of the learnings that I've gained
from interviewing over 400 B2B
marketers, founders, and execs on
breaking B2B is things like when they
stumble across a B2B site, and what they
want to see quickly is exactly what you
do, how it helps them, proof of results,
social proof, case studies, examples,
testimonials, video reviews, and more.
They want to see how much it costs. So,
they want to see clear pricing, no speak
to sales, actual pricing tiers or
brackets of ranges of price. They want
to see your product in action. So, if
you're a SAS company, maybe you've got a
video breakdown, maybe you've got a live
demo you can play around with or
similar. If you're a service provider,
maybe you've got case study videos,
breakdowns, walkthroughs, guides, or
similar. They want to get answers to
their common questions or objections or
similar. And you can even weave those
into some of your key pages. And on the
base, you check all those boxes. They
want an easy way to speak to sales. So,
most likely a calendar scheduling tool
so they can quickly pick a time that
suits to them and get a time scheduled
with an expert. Next up, we've got
regularly reviewing your CRM and sales
pipeline. It's super easy to think that
one channel or platform is doing really
great cuz it's driving loads of leads or
MQLs, but then when you look on the back
end, none of those are actually
converting to qualified demos, qualified
sales calls, or worse of all to actual
revenue, cash in the bank. So, you want
to be able to track your CRM from
opportunity created right through to
closed one and one revenue. That's one
part of the equation because it might
look good on paper that one platform or
channel is driving tons of leads, but
when you look at if anything's actually
turned into cash revenue, it might
disappoint you. So, regularly make a
process to sweep through your CRM and
see what channels are performing. When
it comes to actually getting that data,
I recommend doing a range of steps. So
one on your calendar scheduling forms or
inquiry forms on your website make sure
you ask how did you hear about us as an
open text field rather than the drop
down so folks can actually put how they
found you whether that's Google search
podcast ad whatever then ask a similar
question again on the actual sales call
the initial sales call ask something
like what was your route to stumbling
upon us today or what was your journey
to finding us today again record that
with a tool like Gong or Fathom or
similar so your sales rep's actually
making a point to ask that then use that
as the second data point and maybe ask a
follow-up like I know I don't
necessarily inquire of every website
that I take the time to visit. What was
it that made you invest the time when
you found our site to to fill out our
form or to to schedule a call with us
today? That's going to give you a bit
more of a golden nugget. And then the
other side of the equation is to
actually use analytics tools to track
whether that's Google Analytics, whether
that's another tracking tool and HubSpot
and similar. So you can basically get
three or four pieces of the puzzle to
pull together to really see which
channels or platforms are actually
pulling through when it comes to driving
the right kind of leads as well as the
data in your CRM. Last up, we got a
super fun one. Running experiments. So
this is all about taking those insights
from those customer research calls and
trying out platforms or channels that we
haven't used yet but our customers or
our prospects are saying that they do
spend time there and they do get trusted
info from there. So, for example, it
could be you decide to try out a
podcast, building your own podcast, or
maybe guest on other people's channels
or shows, or maybe you try a new
advertising channel, or you try SEO,
whatever it could be that your prospects
are saying, "This is where I go to to
get trusted information or educate
myself or entertain myself." You go in
with a hypothesis, right? We're going to
try it for 3 months or 6 months or a
year. We're going to dedicate this much
budget or this much internal resource to
it. These are going to be the early
signals of life we'll look out for. And
these would be the kind of more higher
intent signals of life. So early signs
of life could be more traffic to the
website and key pages like demo page,
pricing page, etc. And later signs of
life would be things like actual direct
demos or calls book or folks mentioning
on sales calls that they heard about you
from this new channel or platform. And
then once you've run the experiment, you
either decide whether it makes sense to
carry on because it's had those positive
signals whether they were kind of early
signs of life like more traffic to the
website, those folks going to key high
intent pages, maybe then mentioning that
new platform or channel on sales calls
and later actually driving qualified
demos, booked calls or signups. Or if it
simply didn't perform and you gave it a
good enough test that made sense,
whether that was 3 months, 6 months, 12
months or such, ditch the channel.
You've learned from it. Your customers
said it was worthwhile. You gave it a
fair test, no problem. You know, not to
do it again. You move on and you try the
next channel when you're able to. And
there we have it. Those are the B2B
marketing strategies we're seeing work
right now. And if you're a B2B tech,
SAS, or service company that's just
tired of seeing competitors above you in
organic search results on Google or AI
search, meaning they're stealing
traffic, mind share, and inbound leads
around the clock. Then why not book a
call with us over at breakingb.com. and
we can chat through where you're at now,
where you'd like to get to, and see if
we're a good fit to start driving
sustainable organic pipeline and revenue
for your B2B company. That's breaking
b2t2b.com or hit the link in the
description below to grab a call. Or if
you're not ready, then check out the
breaking B2B podcast or breaking B2B
newsletter for B2B and SAS marketing
tips, episodes, and more. And with that,
I'll catch you on the next one. Chest.